core: move option results to the World class instead of MultiWorld (#993)
ArchipelagoMW/Archipelago: docs/options api.md

create our option class (with a docstring), give it a `display_name`, and add it to our game's options dataclass:

```python
# Options.py
from dataclasses import dataclass

from Options import Toggle, PerGameCommonOptions

class StartingSword(Toggle):
    """Adds a sword to your starting inventory."""
    display_name = "Start With Sword"

@dataclass
class ExampleGameOptions(PerGameCommonOptions):
    starting_sword: StartingSword
```

This will create a `Toggle` option, internally called `starting_sword`. To then submit this to the multiworld, we add it
to our world's `__init__.py`:

```python
from worlds.AutoWorld import World
from .Options import ExampleGameOptions

class ExampleWorld(World):
    # this gives the generator all the definitions for our options
    options_dataclass = ExampleGameOptions
    # this gives us typing hints for all the options we defined
    options: ExampleGameOptions
```

### Option Checking
Options are parsed by `Generate.py` before the worlds are created, and then the option classes are created shortly after
world instantiation. These are created as attributes on the MultiWorld and can be accessed with

> `self.o.my_option_name`. This is the option class, which supports direct comparison methods to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`self.options.my_option_name`. This is an instance of the option class, which supports direct comparison methods to
```
note and double-check the 2 changes here:

`self.o` or `self.options`?

Normally I wouldn't be so pedantic between "instance" and "class", but in this case, we do a lot with the class objects that aren't instances of the class, so it's important to note the difference.
